[News] 2020-08-04 (#486)
sider/sider-docs: docs/news/2020.md

---

## Support 3rd-party dependencies with JVM tools

<time class="news-date" datetime="2020-08-04">August 4, 2020</time>

> We have just supported 3rd-party dependencies with JVM tools in this release!
> This feature allows you to load 3rd-party rules or plugins via `sider.yml`. For example:

Reviewer: I'm not sure which is better, `for` and `with`, but I feel `for` is better for me.

```suggestion
We have just supported third-party dependencies for JVM tools in this release!
This feature allows you to load third-party rules or plugins via `sider.yml`. For example:
```
